Update load-balancing-components.mdx (#16365)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/load-balancing/understand-basics/load-balancing-components.mdx

When you set up a load balancer, Cloudflare automatically creates an [LB DNS record](/load-balancing/load-balancers/dns-records/) for the specified hostname. This means that, according to a [priority order](/load-balancing/load-balancers/dns-records/#priority-order), instead of simply returning an IP address, the logic you introduced using the Cloudflare Load Balancing solution will be considered.

> Please note that you can use the root domain as a Load balancer hostname, please add the hostname without the auto-generated dot before your zone's name. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that you can use the root domain as a Load Balancer hostname. When doing so, make sure you enter the hostname without including the auto-generated dot that typically precedes your zone's name. 
```
